# Omitted on purpose, requires hand tuning afterwards to work with github.io URL paths
# vshellconfig

# API urls

status
quicksearch
overview

# Hosts

hoststatus
hoststatus/backup.example.com
hoststatus/bbc.com
hoststatus/boston.example.com
hoststatus/catalyst.example.com
hoststatus/compnet.example.com
hoststatus/configure.example.com
hoststatus/flow.example.com
hoststatus/gateway.example.com
hoststatus/github.com
hoststatus/google.com
hoststatus/hypervisor1.example.com
hoststatus/hypervisor2.example.com
hoststatus/hypervisor3.example.com
hoststatus/labs.example.com
hoststatus/monitoring.example.com
hoststatus/music.example.com
hoststatus/mysql-master.example.com
hoststatus/mysql-slave.example.com
hoststatus/nagios.com
hoststatus/nagios.org
hoststatus/nl.example.com
hoststatus/profusion.example.com
hoststatus/project.example.com
hoststatus/proxy.example.com
hoststatus/rain.example.com
hoststatus/vision.example.com
hoststatus/webserver.example.com

# Host Groups

hostgroupstatus
hostgroupstatus/hypervisors
hostgroupstatus/mysql
hostgroupstatus/physical-servers
hostgroupstatus/virtual-machines
hostgroupstatus/websites

# Host services

servicestatus/backup.example.com
servicestatus/bbc.com
servicestatus/boston.example.com
servicestatus/catalyst.example.com
servicestatus/compnet.example.com
servicestatus/configure.example.com
servicestatus/flow.example.com
servicestatus/gateway.example.com
servicestatus/github.com
servicestatus/google.com
servicestatus/hypervisor1.example.com
servicestatus/hypervisor2.example.com
servicestatus/hypervisor3.example.com
servicestatus/labs.example.com
servicestatus/monitoring.example.com
servicestatus/music.example.com
servicestatus/mysql-master.example.com
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com
servicestatus/nagios.com
servicestatus/nagios.org
servicestatus/nl.example.com
servicestatus/profusion.example.com
servicestatus/project.example.com
servicestatus/proxy.example.com
servicestatus/rain.example.com
servicestatus/vision.example.com
servicestatus/webserver.example.com

# Services

servicestatus
servicestatus/backup.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/backup.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/backup.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/backup.example.com/Swap Usage
servicestatus/catalyst.example.com/Site catalyst.example.com
servicestatus/compnet.example.com/Site compnet.example.com
servicestatus/configure.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/configure.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/configure.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/configure.example.com/Swap Usage
servicestatus/gateway.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/gateway.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/gateway.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/gateway.example.com/Swap Usage
servicestatus/labs.example.com/Site flow.example.com
servicestatus/labs.example.com/Site vision.example.com
servicestatus/monitoring.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/monitoring.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/monitoring.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/mysql-master.example.com/MySQL Connection
servicestatus/mysql-master.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/mysql-master.example.com/Swap Usage
servicestatus/mysql-master.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/mysql-master.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com/MySQL Connection
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com/MySQL Slave Status
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com/Swap Usage
servicestatus/mysql-slave.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/nl.example.com/Site nl.example.com
servicestatus/project.example.com/Site project.example.com
servicestatus/project.example.com/Site project.org
servicestatus/proxy.example.com/SSH
servicestatus/proxy.example.com/Swap Usage
servicestatus/proxy.example.com/Disk Space
servicestatus/proxy.example.com/Current Load
servicestatus/rain.example.com/Site rain.example.com
servicestatus/rain.example.com/Page rain.example.com/login

# Service Groups

servicegroupstatus
servicegroupstatus/mysql
servicegroupstatus/websites

# Configurations

configurations
configurations/commands
configurations/contactgroups
configurations/contacts
configurations/hostgroups
configurations/hosts
configurations/servicegroups
configurations/services
configurations/timeperiods

# Comments

comments
